[v6.2] Docs: add acme to yaml (#6808)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/config-reference.mdx

    # optional: set a different public address for kubernetes access
    kube_public_addr: kube.example.com:3026

    # To acquire a TLS certificate via ACME 

>     # also set using the 'teleport configure --acme ...' command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # When using ACME, cluster name should match the public_addr of Teleport
    # also set using the below command.
    # 'teleport configure --acme --acme-email=email@example.com --cluster-name=tele.example.com -o file' 
```
